# Portfolio 4: Media

### This sketch makes use of images and audios, in a slideshow format, using the arrow keys to cycle back and forth between them. There is meaning behind the slides, which is to try and spark some concern around the effects of computers on people's happiness, and how long people spend their lives on a screen. What the majority of life is actually spent doing, how computers can consume people's lives, whilst they miss out on real senses, feelings, and experiences.

>This sketch uses only photos and audios I have taken/recorded myself. The audio files are from videos i recorded, most at similar times to when and where i took the photos. (The first slide's photo I took on Royal Holloway campus). My video sources for the audios i used are on the github repository. 
>
>The photos of the static on the computer screen i took recently, in my uni accomodation. The static noise that accompanies those photos is actually an audio of heavy rain that I recorded back at home, that i reversed and inverted using an audio editing app (adobe audition) to sound closer to what i wanted (tv static), which worked effectively.
>I did the same reversing of audio for audio 6 (with the image of the houses under a cloudy sky), the audio/photo that follows the first computer screen image. There are voices in the background of the audio that, because of the reversing, sound less real, which I intended to show as a gradual effect of devices/computers on our perception and understanding of real life interactions. I don't think that audio fully grasped this intention however. It was also a short audio so the user may pick up on the repeating noises rather than the distortion of the audio.
>
>These images are of a first person view; the user should interpret that these photos and audios are representative of moments/experiences from their character's, other people's, or even their own life. 
>I added a feature that locks the user on slide 9 (they can no longer use the arrows to go back to the nicer, more natural, more peaceful images and audios). People can feel trapped and chained to computers too much, and being stuck on this slide is a representation of feeling trapped, be it to a largely computer involved job (most jobs now), school work, or an addiction to media (films/series, games, social media), they cannot go to the real world when they wish to. On slide 9, the character/user is metaphorically and literally stuck to and absorbed into their screen, and are unable to experience the real world.